docs: clarify copySelection() and Linux mouse selection documentation (#3459)
hluk/CopyQ: docs/scripting-api.rst

.. js:function:: copySelection(text)

   On X11, equivalent to the ``copy`` function with the same argument, but modifying the ``PRIMARY`` selection atom rather than ``CLIPBOARD`` (see `Linux
   mouse selection`_).

>    On other platforms, has no effect (no-op).

Author: @Chealer Can you help me rephrase this?

The first sentence of description for each function in the API docs is used as hint in CopyQ GUI in the completion menu when writing commands/scripts. Ideally, if it is as **brief** as possible.

I also do not mention the term `PRIMARY` or `atom` anywhere else. I feel like users would find these terms confusing.

Apart from X11, this can apply to Wayland, if compositors support the selection.

```suggestion
   Equivalent to the ``copy`` function with the same argument, but modifying the `Linux mouse selection`_.

   This is supported only on X11 and some Wayland compositors. On other platforms, this has no effect.
```

Author: I asked Claude to make the updates based on the discussion and details I provided.
